not like we already talked to the winter is the most delicious season of the year
when we feel like commenting on the things that had hidden wines or
party today we talk to hiv or bike the nutritionist she talks to
people about the myths and truths
this comet issue over winter
It's true, it's true that we get fat at the same time that we
the one who is in charge is the accountability
It's true, said
it will actually come from people to people or if you are a person who
you get the practice of physical activity makes an imitation rule of sec
during the week
this gives a little exaggeration on the weekends
It does not come, it's not right to say.
but if you are a person who does not practice physical activity and does
irony during the week for a month to this will occur the
what happens is that in the summer we spend more energy because we are more
during physical exercise
and how they tell us how we spend a lot
and how we do a lot of physical exercise
what happens to you by eliminating this body fat
excess that our body already in the winter that will happen the temperature in the
body falls but grace woven after we can keep this energy see
us how much hotter
for what we need to do and for this energy in what form
power supply
and that we will have to help a nutritionist to know
as to what amount of food they have made to hurry about the
seasons
so really when you put on weight or sail, I really want to be a mother.
isolated
exactly because there are people who always happen in the following
we have that form that will to eat the things only that all this
messes a lot with psychological vehicles in the conscious
the trio was made overnight we have a country have tea
the cloak in a 'chocolate' but that we will opt for three people who try to
training we have options of the syllables
I'm fan of the skating artist
but what only remains to me lorico are the teas mainly after the funds that
are healthier to avoid infections and possible diseases in this
season in the quote of the year winter taxi which is the winter
I am now a fanatic about tina that what will happen he will have a certain
excessive caloric intake
then can or can not ingest legs and manage 6 of these liquids
however
in less quantity enter
now has the issue also in the soup xavier grandson and many people who like the
train your peace but I'll start to release it
already a doctor or unaware of the person has another does not have what
and that accompanies the cheese bread
or wine
the treatment
and Ana she sees the person quite like to drink alcoholic drink
it's normal wine cognac a delight
but then I was going to finish
complicating people's diet in the cold
look if you are a person that you took the goblet of wine per day no
have so much that they do not have so much difficulty in imposing in field
however miranda this region is our body
But you're a person. Taking this show is complicated because
a grass
of personal alcoholic beverage of cognac wine that happens
It has seven calories and it's the distillate that most people talk about to keep
heated during the winter
that's going to happen the person starts not coliseum other accompany wine
accompany cheese will lose
accompany an apple there
complicates one's life
even more so if it is a person who accident
I do not share for physical exercise
It's very complicated, we think it's funny how we take some
that the liquid has no calories but to what they have eaten then
we have demolished pedro ii
leave Brazil until then you have to take
enough care in that part
of alcoholic beverages mainly one gram 7 calories
but in quantity and in various parts of sale more live
straw to finish the interview your tips this winter for who is
watching us at home that does not
fatten
Let's start with the actual tips.
hot liquids mainly after the healthy generation that are beneficial
our health
avoiding infections that possible diseases during the winter
it's fruit to see 5 for me can 4 5% fruit a day
is to offer our black shirts our body
I'll make a general summary for you and how healthy eating is
in mines and fish largest dinner tormentors
first you should have eaten a nice bowl of very colorful salad
I will spend a little olive oil abusing fine herbs lemon or vinegar according
with the preference of the individual
this contract, we usually say the following
divided the second deals in two imaginary lines a new vision
marcondes tecau first partial carbohydrates mainly of those who have
because it gives greater satiety to the skin and minerals and
our body in two years to venezuela to drink enough liquid that
it's something people do not do in the winter or take enough
water management
according to the police
white cars preferably grilled or roasted third position and vegetables
or steamed vegetables
keeping himself between cacerense the foods that he that so concentrated the
micronutrients
and to the fourth position any legume such as solange removed the
lentil chickpeas
I was stronger and this also favors the average price of women
and dessert the dessert is a fruit tarr
and it's more of an idea that it's something people really like about 1 12 per
month in exchange for the city
we say seated court said the cut of rosário once again highlighted a
above position
Can you go home and home from Rio de Janeiro?
for you not to get fat in the hottest season of the year then that myth
of what
the first member of the party is enough to control yourself